[Music]
[Music] the burden against Babylon which Isaiah
the burden against Babylon which Isaiah
the burden against Babylon which Isaiah the son of Amoz saw lift up a banner on
the son of Amoz saw lift up a banner on
the son of Amoz saw lift up a banner on the high mountain raise your voice to
the high mountain raise your voice to
the high mountain raise your voice to them wave your hand that they may enter
them wave your hand that they may enter
them wave your hand that they may enter the gates of the nobles I have commanded
the gates of the nobles I have commanded
the gates of the nobles I have commanded my sanctified ones I have also called my
my sanctified ones I have also called my
my sanctified ones I have also called my mighty ones for my anger those who
mighty ones for my anger those who
mighty ones for my anger those who rejoice in my exaltation the noise of a
rejoice in my exaltation the noise of a
rejoice in my exaltation the noise of a multitude in the mountains like that of
multitude in the mountains like that of
multitude in the mountains like that of many people a tumultuous noise of the
many people a tumultuous noise of the
many people a tumultuous noise of the kingdoms of nations gathered together
kingdoms of nations gathered together
kingdoms of nations gathered together the Lord of Hosts musters the army for
the Lord of Hosts musters the army for
the Lord of Hosts musters the army for battle they come from a far country from
battle they come from a far country from
battle they come from a far country from the end of heaven the Lord and his
the end of heaven the Lord and his
the end of heaven the Lord and his weapons of indignation to destroy the
weapons of indignation to destroy the
weapons of indignation to destroy the whole land wailed for the day of the
whole land wailed for the day of the
whole land wailed for the day of the Lord is at hand it will come as
Lord is at hand it will come as
Lord is at hand it will come as destruction from the Almighty
destruction from the Almighty
destruction from the Almighty therefore all hands will be limp every
therefore all hands will be limp every
therefore all hands will be limp every man's heart will melt and they will be
man's heart will melt and they will be
man's heart will melt and they will be afraid pangs and sorrows will take hold
afraid pangs and sorrows will take hold
afraid pangs and sorrows will take hold of them they will be in pain as a woman
of them they will be in pain as a woman
of them they will be in pain as a woman in childbirth they will be amazed at one
in childbirth they will be amazed at one
in childbirth they will be amazed at one another their faces will be like flames
another their faces will be like flames
another their faces will be like flames behold the day of the Lord comes cruel
behold the day of the Lord comes cruel
behold the day of the Lord comes cruel with both wrath and fierce anger to lay
with both wrath and fierce anger to lay
with both wrath and fierce anger to lay the land desolate and he will destroy
the land desolate and he will destroy
the land desolate and he will destroy its sinners from it for the stars of
its sinners from it for the stars of
its sinners from it for the stars of heaven and their constellations will not
heaven and their constellations will not
heaven and their constellations will not give their light The Sun will be
give their light The Sun will be
give their light The Sun will be darkened in its going forth and the moon
darkened in its going forth and the moon
darkened in its going forth and the moon will not cause its light to shine I will
will not cause its light to shine I will
will not cause its light to shine I will punish the world for its evil and the
punish the world for its evil and the
punish the world for its evil and the wicked for their iniquity I will halt
wicked for their iniquity I will halt
wicked for their iniquity I will halt the arrogance of the proud and will lay
the arrogance of the proud and will lay
the arrogance of the proud and will lay low the hot
low the hot
low the hot of the terrible I will make a mortal
of the terrible I will make a mortal
of the terrible I will make a mortal more rare than fine gold a man more than
more rare than fine gold a man more than
more rare than fine gold a man more than the golden wedge of Ophir therefore I
the golden wedge of Ophir therefore I
the golden wedge of Ophir therefore I will shake the heavens and the earth
will shake the heavens and the earth
will shake the heavens and the earth will move out of her place in the wrath
will move out of her place in the wrath
will move out of her place in the wrath of the Lord of Hosts and in the day of
of the Lord of Hosts and in the day of
of the Lord of Hosts and in the day of his fierce anger it shall be as the
his fierce anger it shall be as the
his fierce anger it shall be as the hunted gazelle and as a sheep that no
hunted gazelle and as a sheep that no
hunted gazelle and as a sheep that no man takes out every man will turn to his
man takes out every man will turn to his
man takes out every man will turn to his own people and everyone will flee to his
own people and everyone will flee to his
own people and everyone will flee to his own land everyone who is found will be
own land everyone who is found will be
own land everyone who is found will be thrust through and everyone who is
thrust through and everyone who is
thrust through and everyone who is captured will fall by the sword their
captured will fall by the sword their
captured will fall by the sword their children also will be dashed to pieces
children also will be dashed to pieces
children also will be dashed to pieces before their eyes their houses will be
before their eyes their houses will be
before their eyes their houses will be plundered and their wives ravished
plundered and their wives ravished
plundered and their wives ravished behold I will stir up the Meads against
behold I will stir up the Meads against
behold I will stir up the Meads against them who will not regard silver and as
them who will not regard silver and as
them who will not regard silver and as for gold they will not delight in it
for gold they will not delight in it
for gold they will not delight in it also their bows will dash the young men
also their bows will dash the young men
also their bows will dash the young men to pieces and they will have no pity on
to pieces and they will have no pity on
to pieces and they will have no pity on the fruit of the womb there I will not
the fruit of the womb there I will not
the fruit of the womb there I will not spare children and Babylon the glory of
spare children and Babylon the glory of
spare children and Babylon the glory of kingdoms the beauty of the Chaldeans
kingdoms the beauty of the Chaldeans
kingdoms the beauty of the Chaldeans pride will be as when God overthrew
pride will be as when God overthrew
pride will be as when God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah
Sodom and Gomorrah
Sodom and Gomorrah it will never be inhabited nor will it
it will never be inhabited nor will it
it will never be inhabited nor will it be settled from generation to generation
be settled from generation to generation
be settled from generation to generation nor will the Arabian pitch tents there
nor will the Arabian pitch tents there
nor will the Arabian pitch tents there nor will the Shepherd's make their sheep
nor will the Shepherd's make their sheep
nor will the Shepherd's make their sheep folds there but wild beasts of the
folds there but wild beasts of the
folds there but wild beasts of the desert will lie there and their houses
desert will lie there and their houses
desert will lie there and their houses will be full of owls ostriches will
will be full of owls ostriches will
will be full of owls ostriches will dwell there and wild goats will taper
dwell there and wild goats will taper
dwell there and wild goats will taper there the hyenas will howl in their
there the hyenas will howl in their
there the hyenas will howl in their Citadel's and jackals in their pleasant
Citadel's and jackals in their pleasant
Citadel's and jackals in their pleasant palaces her time is near to come and her
palaces her time is near to come and her
palaces her time is near to come and her days will not be prolonged